Update Controller Admin guide for UI changes (#1427)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-controller-isolation-function-variables.adoc

To fine tune your use of job isolation, there are certain variables that can be set.

On operator-based installations, by default, {ControllerName} uses the system's `/tmp` directory as its staging area. 

> You can change this in the *Job execution path* field on the *Job settings* page, or can be accessed through the REST API at `/api/v2/settings/jobs`, using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change this in the *Job execution path* field on the *Job settings* page, or access it through the REST API at `/api/v2/settings/jobs`, using:
```
